docs/migration-guide (#23746)
highcharts/highcharts: docs/grid/general.md

**Highcharts Grid Pro** – A commercial version that includes everything in Grid Lite plus advanced features such as cell editing, data validation, sparklines and events to expand functionality and tailor the grid to your needs.

> **Migrating from Dashboards and DataGrid?** - Take a look at the [Migration Guide](https://www.highcharts.com/docs/dashboards/migration-guide).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important notice**: In Dashboards versions prior to 4.0.0, Grid Pro was bundled with Dashboards. Learn more about migrating to latest version in our [Migration Guide](https://www.highcharts.com/docs/dashboards/grid-migration).
```
